we have just installed Obsidian on my linux desktop. next up the Macbook Pro (2015) and see if mobile works.  if so we are in business. 

need to figure out project and task tracking and management - a few options and research to be done. Linear, asana, todoist, self hosted system (many options!). big projects will need something robust with gantt and dependency management, Vietnamese support and WBS, templating and low cost / low friction. 

upgrade the OpenClaw memory will be the next challenge. integrate redis and qdrant with QMD. 

work tasks:
Savie Global: website update asap. 
ADL Cap website update, move to cheaper and more reliable option. 
create a workflow pattern for new or redesign tasks for websites.

Big task to under take will be setting up an ingest pipeline to use rag and the qdrant db (or sqlite?) to make all that knowledge available to Alfred. 

setup voice (two ways) so he can call me ? and i can voice memo him. 
check ability to ingest data, audio and images with a subagent. otherwise use claude code/gemini or opencode to handle some of the tasks. 

make git usage robust for syncing docs. 

remember to prep for taxes. Ingest the fuel expense receipts. - that functionality needs vast improvement in deliveriq. 

Notes on TODAY... 
spent the morning from 5 am until about 10 driving (DD) then a quick stop at woolworths and home.
took a much needed nap, got sorted and have been at the computer since about 1:45pm until now. expect to be here a bit longer too. 
